The bus driver who followed the kids wondered about the location of a hotel .
The bus driver who the kids followed wondered about the location of a hotel .
The chef who distracted the cameraman poured the flour onto the counter .
The chef who the cameraman distracted poured the flour onto the counter .
The children who woke the father bothered him about the trip to the beach .
The children who the father woke bothered him about the trip to the beach .
The class that disliked the teacher skimmed the reading for the week .
The class that the teacher disliked skimmed the reading for the week .
The dancer that loved the audience ignored some basic principles .
The dancer that the audience loved ignored some basic principles .
The employees that noticed the fireman hurried across the open field .
The employees that the fireman noticed hurried across the open field .
The farmer that approached the customers lifted the chickens from their coop .
The farmer that the customers approached lifted the chickens from their coop .
The farmer who hired the rancher piled the seeds in long rows .
The farmer who the rancher hired piled the seeds in long rows .
The firemen that called the residents attacked the house with high-powered hoses .
The firemen that the residents called attacked the house with high-powered hoses .
The girl who watched the parents changed a critical part of the story .
The girl who the parents watched changed a critical part of the story .
The investigator who phoned the agency considered Ms. Reynolds from accounting .
The investigator who the agency phoned considered Ms. Reynolds from accounting .
The judge who addressed the witnesses noticed the defense attorneys .
The judge who the witnesses addressed noticed the defense attorneys .
The manager who visited the boss remembered some inconvenient facts .
The manager who the boss visited remembered some inconvenient facts .
The mathematician who visited the chairman created a solution to the wellknown problem .
The mathematician who the chairman visited created a solution to the wellknown problem .
The monkeys that watched the zookeepers charged the bars of their cage .
The monkeys that the zookeepers watched charged the bars of their cage .
The movie star who visited the organizers proposed an annual prize .
The movie star who the organizers visited proposed an annual prize .
The neighbor who observed the couple purchased the old Victorian house .
The neighbor who the couple observed purchased the old Victorian house .
The pilot who delayed the ground crew remained on the runway for a long time .
The pilot who the ground crew delayed remained on the runway for a long time .
The soldiers that helped the natives climbed the big rock that blocked the path .
The soldiers that the natives helped climbed the big rock that blocked the path .
The speaker who entertained the economists predicted a good year for the industry .
The speaker who the economists entertained predicted a good year for the industry .
The table top that rested on the box screwed directly to the legs .
The table top that the box rested on screwed directly to the legs .
The trainer who called the jockey rubbed the horse 's skin .
The trainer who the jockey called rubbed the horse 's skin .
The veteran who admired the coach defeated his greatest rival .
The veteran who the coach admired defeated his greatest rival .
The visitor who introduced the student walked across the quad .
The visitor who the student introduced walked across the quad .