In the lobby , Clyde bumped into the chauffeur of the CEO who is reckless and very unpopular with the company .
In the lobby , Clyde bumped into the chauffeur of the CEOs who is reckless and very unpopular with the company .
In the lobby , Clyde bumped into the chauffeurs of the CEO who is reckless and very unpopular with the company .
Edwin has been reading about the sister of the actor who was visiting the resort in Death Valley .
Edwin has been reading about the sister of the actors who was visiting the resort in Death Valley .
Edwin has been reading about the sisters of the actor who was visiting the resort in Death Valley .
From the gallery , Franny observed the nurse of the surgeon who was in charge of the operation currently underway .
From the gallery , Franny observed the nurse of the surgeons who was in charge of the operation currently underway .
From the gallery , Franny observed the nurses of the surgeon who was in charge of the operation currently underway .
Gerald introduced himself to the niece of the billionaire who sails vintage yachts around the Vineyard .
Gerald introduced himself to the niece of the billionaires who sails vintage yachts around the Vineyard .
Gerald introduced himself to the nieces of the billionaire who sails vintage yachts around the Vineyard .
At the potluck , Marcus chatted with the aunt of the nun who bakes sugar cookies with cute designs .
At the potluck , Marcus chatted with the aunt of the nuns who bakes sugar cookies with cute designs .
At the potluck , Marcus chatted with the aunts of the nun who bakes sugar cookies with cute designs .
During the budget negotiation , Janet charmed the assistant of the executive who decides almost everything in secret .
During the budget negotiation , Janet charmed the assistant of the executives who decides almost everything in secret .
During the budget negotiation , Janet charmed the assistants of the executive who decides almost everything in secret .
On the fishing trip , we laughed at the uncle of the sailor who was confused about the motor on the boat .
On the fishing trip , we laughed at the uncle of the sailors who was confused about the motor on the boat .
On the fishing trip , we laughed at the uncles of the sailor who was confused about the motor on the boat .
At trial , we scrutinized the prisoner of the FBI agent who was lying about the incident at the casino .
At trial , we scrutinized the prisoner of the FBI agents who was lying about the incident at the casino .
At trial , we scrutinized the prisoners of the FBI agent who was lying about the incident at the casino .
During the demonstration , someone photographed the soldier of the lieutenant who was camouflaged and hiding in the trees .
During the demonstration , someone photographed the soldier of the lieutenants who was camouflaged and hiding in the trees .
During the demonstration , someone photographed the soldiers of the lieutenant who was camouflaged and hiding in the trees .
Karl recognized the hostage of the pirate who was on TV this morning on the local news .
Karl recognized the hostage of the pirates who was on TV this morning on the local news .
Karl recognized the hostages of the pirate who was on TV this morning on the local news .
During the play , we all heckled the murderer of the prince who was disguised as a peasant from nearby Trosselheim .
During the play , we all heckled the murderer of the princes who was disguised as a peasant from nearby Trosselheim .
During the play , we all heckled the murderers of the prince who was disguised as a peasant from nearby Trosselheim .
At the charity show , Noreen nodded to the sidekick of the actor who was juggling sharp knives and glass bottles .
At the charity show , Noreen nodded to the sidekick of the actors who was juggling sharp knives and glass bottles .
At the charity show , Noreen nodded to the sidekicks of the actor who was juggling sharp knives and glass bottles .
No one quite knew how to respond to the buddies of the janitors who burp without excusing themselves .
No one quite knew how to respond to the buddies of the janitor who burp without excusing themselves .
No one quite knew how to respond to the buddy of the janitors who burp without excusing themselves .
The cunning Wally outmaneuvered the henchmen of the villains who often fail to carry out the plot .
The cunning Wally outmaneuvered the henchmen of the villain who often fail to carry out the plot .
The cunning Wally outmaneuvered the henchman of the villains who often fail to carry out the plot .
Down at the pub , Ollie gossiped about the daughters of the nurses who were at church last Sunday in grimy shorts .
Down at the pub , Ollie gossiped about the daughters of the nurse who were at church last Sunday in grimy shorts .
Down at the pub , Ollie gossiped about the daughter of the nurses who were at church last Sunday in grimy shorts .
From the lounge everyone could see the pilots of the millionaires who were distrusted by everyone at the company .
From the lounge everyone could see the pilots of the millionaire who were distrusted by everyone at the company .
From the lounge everyone could see the pilot of the millionaires who were distrusted by everyone at the company .
On the news they showed the accomplices of the thieves who were indicted for stealing the Mona Lisa .
On the news they showed the accomplices of the thief who were indicted for stealing the Mona Lisa .
On the news they showed the accomplice of the thieves who were indicted for stealing the Mona Lisa .
Everyone at the party groaned at the bodyguards of the divas who smoke clove cigarettes constantly .
Everyone at the party groaned at the bodyguards of the diva who smoke clove cigarettes constantly .
Everyone at the party groaned at the bodyguard of the divas who smoke clove cigarettes constantly .
At the summit , Ursula warmly greeted the advisors of the tycoons who snowboard in Aspen in January .
At the summit , Ursula warmly greeted the advisors of the tycoon who snowboard in Aspen in January .
At the summit , Ursula warmly greeted the advisor of the tycoons who snowboard in Aspen in January .
Rosalina testified against the detectives of the senators who were caught spying on his colleagues .
Rosalina testified against the detectives of the senator who were caught spying on his colleagues .
Rosalina testified against the detective of the senators who were caught spying on his colleagues .
Before the exhibition , Silas telephoned the friends of the bodybuilders who write fan fiction about Batman .
Before the exhibition , Silas telephoned the friends of the bodybuilder who write fan fiction about Batman .
Before the exhibition , Silas telephoned the friend of the bodybuilders who write fan fiction about Batman .
At her orientation , Tamara recently met the nephews of the professors who paint beautiful portraits of local celebrities .
At her orientation , Tamara recently met the nephews of the professor who paint beautiful portraits of local celebrities .
At her orientation , Tamara recently met the nephew of the professors who paint beautiful portraits of local celebrities .
Everyone at the coffee shop sympathized with the couriers of the florists who were complaining about the weather .
Everyone at the coffee shop sympathized with the couriers of the florist who were complaining about the weather .
Everyone at the coffee shop sympathized with the courier of the florists who were complaining about the weather .
Despite the good press , we did n't really like the commanders of the soldiers who whistle very loudly and for no reason at all .
Despite the good press , we did n't really like the commanders of the soldier who whistle very loudly and for no reason at all .
Despite the good press , we did n't really like the commander of the soldiers who whistle very loudly and for no reason at all .