There are now rumblings that Apple might soon invade the smart watch space , though the company is maintaining its customary silence .
A bill was drafted and introduced into Parliament several times but met with great opposition , mostly from farmers .
The human body can tolerate only a small range of temperature , especially when the person is engaged in vigorous activity .
Seeing Peter slowly advancing upon him through the air with dagger poised , he sprang upon the bulwarks to cast himself into the sea .
Some months later , Michael Larson saw another opportunity to stack the odds in his favor with a dash of ingenuity .
Bob Murphy , the Senior PGA Tour money leader with seven hundred thousand , says heat should n't be a factor .
Greg Anderson , considered a key witness by the prosecution , vowed he would n't testify when served a subpoena last week .
Owls are more flexible than humans because a bird 's head is only connected by one socket pivot .
Even in the same animal , not all bites are the same .
Buck did not like it , but he bore up well to the work , taking pride in it .
These days , neuroscience is beginning to catch up to musicians who practice mentally .
Hybrid vehicles have a halo that makes owners feel righteous and their neighbors feel guilty for not doing as much to save the planet .
Binge drinking may not necessarily kill or even damage brain cells , as commonly thought , a new animal study suggests .
When attacked , a skunk 's natural inclination is to turn around , lick its tail and spray a noxious scent .
All that the brain has to work with are imperfect incoming electrical impulses announcing that things are happening .
There often seems to be more diving in soccer than in the Summer Olympics .
Susan B. Anthony spent nearly sixty years of her life devoted to the cause of social justice and equality for all .
Unfortunately , for every six water bottles we use , only one makes it to the recycling bin .
As in the United States , Colombian legislation requires travelers entering the country to declare cash in excess of ten thousand dollars .
Stress is a risk factor for both depression and anxiety , he says .
When it comes to having a lasting and fulfilling relationship , common wisdom says that feeling close to your romantic partner is paramount .
Voltaire himself probably won around half a million livres , a large fortune , which he then made even larger .
When preparing to check out of their hotel room , some frequent travelers pile up their used bath towels on the bathroom floor .
Research showing that a tiny European river bug called the water boatman may be the loudest animal on earth .
When the new world was first discovered it was found to be , like the old , well stocked with plants and animals .
Police in Georgia have shut down a lemonade stand run by three girls trying to save up for a trip to a water park .
An early task will be to make sure the newfound microbes were not introduced while drilling through the ice into the lake .
Lady Gaga 's YouTube account was suspended Thursday .
John Thornton asked little of man or nature .
Proper ventilation will make a backdraft less likely .
For centuries , time was measured by the position of the sun with the use of sundials .
The girl 's feet were then re-wrapped even tighter than before , causing her footprint to shrink further .
The astronauts used a hefty robotic arm to move the bus-size canister , stuffed with nearly three tons of packing foam .
Very similar , but even more striking , is the evidence from athletic training .
It was a forbidding challenge , and it says much for Winstanley 's persuasive abilities , not to mention his self-confidence .
With schools still closed , cars still buried and streets still blocked by the widespread weekend snowstorm , officials are asking people to help out .
Steam sterilization is limited in the types of medical waste it can treat , but is appropriate for laboratory substances contaminated with infectious organisms .
From coal to cars , Chinese floods tangle supply chains worldwide .
This new film marks 10 years since the death of the superstar .